"In the Hindu religion, one can[not] have freedom of speech. A Hindu must surrender his freedom of speech. He must act according to the Vedas. If the Vedas do not support the actions, instructions must be sought from the Smritis, and if the Smritis fail to provide any such instructions, he must follow in the footsteps of the great men. He is not supposed to reason. Hence, so long as you are in the Hindu religion, you cannot expect to have freedom of thought" - B.R. Ambedkar
"Only when there are things a man will not do is he capable of doing great things." - Mencius
"What? A great man? I only ever see the ape of his own ideal." - Nietzsche, Friedrich
"A great chessplayer is not a great man, for he leaves the world as he found it." - William Hazlitt, Table-Talk, Essays on Men and Manners
"Even great men bow before the Sun; it melts hubris into humility." - Dejan Stojanovic
"Mindful leaders know how to repeat success patterns and overcome failure patterns." - Amit Ray, Mindfulness Meditation for Corporate Leadership and Management
"Fly you crows. My father was not a spectacle. He was the greatest man I ever knew. He was my everything." - Stacey Lee, Under a Painted Sky
"Great men do not play stage tricks with the doctrines of life and death: only little men do that." - John Ruskin, Sesame and Lilies
"You want to be great? Help others achieve their greatness" - Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity
"Bill Gates wasn't born rich but he wasn't poor either even before he discovered Microsoft, he was just waiting for a connecting flight to the boulevards of greatness." - Ikechukwu Izuakor, Great Reflections on Success
"The big man in a small village is the big ship in a small lake! Let him sail to the vast oceans!" - Mehmet Murat ildan
"Any man who is good by heart is a great man!" - Mehmet Murat ildan
"In the face of inhumanity, a good man reacts, but a great one acts" - James Rollins, Bloodline
"Palaces are for the little men not for the great men because great man is humble!" - Mehmet Murat ildan
"Greatness lies not in ruling a people, it lies in being the cause of happiness in their lives." - Abhijit Naskar
"I have seen great men err and err greatly" - Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity
"There is no peace for great men" - Pierce Brown, Golden Son
"The greatness of God alone is greater than the greatness of many great men combined." - Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes about God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration
"Some boys grow up to be great men, some grow up to be great fathers, and while most grow up to be neither, none grow up to be both." - Sean Norris, Heaven and Hurricanes
"Every great soul was inspired by another great soul." - Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind
"Darkest times, great men evolve." - Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind
"We are all capable of being great dreamers. We must awaken the divinity within us." - Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind
"All divine power is within you to accomplish great things." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"No man is a great man if he used violence to achieve his goals!" - Mehmet Murat ildan
"Great thoughts by great people transform the World." - Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!
"We rely only on God in the wilderness." - Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind
"There lived great souls in the history of the world." - Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!
"We encounter great souls, who lived in historical times, in ancient books." - Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!
"There lived great souls in history." - Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!
"Good deeds awakens the good spirit of every soul." - Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind
"What a great man. There aren't very many of them left. I can't wait to see his other policies. Hope he's the next Teddy Roosevelt!" - Brad McKinniss, Beast Machine
"When we commit our lives to the Lord,He lives in us, He gives us grace and power to accomplish far greater things." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"You are destiny for greatness.Your future is in the hands of the Lord." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"To win, you have to believe you will win." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"God's grace is the power for greatness." - Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!
"All great people had critics, but they still believe in beauty of their dreams." - Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!
"Whoever walk with great people will be great." - Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!
"You possess a great soul, awaken the spirit." - Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!
"Feeling low is normal, or sometimes, healthy. A lot of great things this world has witnessed were kickstarted by men when they felt low." - Swaraj Priyadarshi
"Our ancestors did great work for humanity. What will we do for the next generations?" - Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!
"We encounter great souls by reading great books." - Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!
"Few men want to achieve greatness for humanity, thought Jeffrey. What better person is there to work for?" - Brad McKinniss, Beast Machine